You think I can't hear you every day talking about visions and three-eyed ravens and black magic? I don't want you talking to him till we get to Castle Black. We're not going to Castle Black. Jon Snow isn't there. Bran needs to find the raven beyond the Wall. Oh, no, I'm not going back there. I promised your maester I'd get you to Castle Black and no further. You won't win. You don't have the discipline. You don't know how to fight together. You don't know that. If you attack the Wall you'll die, all of you. All of us. I can't force them to meet us in the field. Casterly Rock can't run away. Can you do it? There is only one person in this kingdom with that kind of army. Walder Frey. We will do whatever we can to give Lord Frey what he needs. Our father requires Lord Edmure to wed one of his daughters. You were sent here to kill me? I don't want to. What do your captains have to say about that? Daario: You should ask them. Will you fight for me? The Second Sons are yours and so is Daario Naharis. My sword is yours, my life is yours, my heart is yours. Is that the Blackwater? Where do you think I'm taking you? Back to King's Landing. That's the Red Fork. I'm taking you to the Twins. Your uncle's marrying one of the Frey girls. Your mother and brother will be there and they'll pay me for you. That rain will cost us another day. Lord Frey will take this delay as a slight. He's getting the wedding he wanted. He's getting a wedding. It was a king he wanted. It's come for the baby. You stay back! ( grunts ) No, you can't have him. No! ( yelling ) ( screams ) ( howls ) ( panting ) ( crows cawing ) ( theme music playing ) ( crickets chirping ) Catelyn: Are you sure about this? No. It's dangerous. If we take Tywin's castle from him, the lords of Westeros will realize he's not invincible. Take his home,take his gold, take his power. Why are you telling me? You begged me not to send Theon to negotiate with his father and I ignored your advice. Now Winterfell is burnt to the ground, the North is overrun with ironborn, and Bran and Rickon are gone. So Casterly Rock... I'm asking your advice. We have enough men? If Walder Frey cooperates. If reinforcements arrive from King's Landing before we take the castle... we'll be caught between Tywin's army and the sea. We'll lose the war and die the way Father died. Or worse. Show them how it feels to lose what they love. Walder: My honored guests... be welcome within my walls and at my table. I extend to you my hospitality and protection in the light of the Seven. We thank you for your hospitality, my lord. I have come to make my apologies, my lord, and to beg your forgiveness. Don't beg my forgiveness, Your Grace. It wasn't me you spurned. It was my girls. One of them was supposedto be queen. Now none of them are. This is Arwyen my daughter. My daughter Walda,my daughter Derwa,my daughter Waldra. My eldest granddaughters Ginia and Neila.Serra and Sarra,granddaughters, twins. You could have had either.Could have had bothfor all I care. My granddaughter Marianne.My granddaughter Freya. My granddaughter...Wertha. Waldra. Waldina. I'm Merry. Fine. And here's my youngest daughter Shirei,though she hasn't bled yet. Clearly you don't have the patience for all that. My ladies. All men should keep their word, kings most of all. I was pledged to marry one of you and I broke that vow. The fault is not with you. Any man would be luckyto have any one of you. I did what I didnot to slight you,but because I loved another. I know these wordscannot set rightthe wrong I have doneto you and your house. I beg your forgiveness and pledge to do all I can to make amends so the Freys of the Crossing and the Starks of Winterfell may once again be friends. Walder:Very good. There she is. Come closer. Let me have a look at you. Still can't see you. Old eyes. Love. That's what the Starksof Winterfell call it, eh? ( chuckles ) Very honorable. I call it a pretty face. Mmm, very pretty. Prettier than this lot, that's for sure. Very shapely as well. Oh, you try to hide herunder that dress. If you wanted to hide her, you shouldn't have brought her here in the first place. I can always see what's going on beneath a dress. Been at this a long time. I bet when you take that dress off, everything stays right where it is. Doesn't drop an inch. Your king says he betrayed me for love. I say he betrayed me for firm tits and a tight fit. And I can respect that. When I was your age, I'd have broken 50 oaths to get into that without a second thought. Well, I've enough room in the hall for you lot. We'll set up tents outside with food and ale for the rest of your men. Thank you, my lord. Well, let's get ready. The wine will flow redand the music will play loudand we'll put this mess behind us. ( horse neighs ) ( weapons clang ) Where? There. There. It's a back gate. My men use it when they visit Yunkai's bed slaves. Your men, but not you? Daario: I have no interest in slaves. A man cannot make love to property. This is where we enter the city. Very few guards. They know me. They let me inside-- We're not gonna sneak an army through a back gate. I kill the guards. I take your two best men and lead them through the back streets, which I know well, and open the front gates. Then comes the army. Once the walls are breached, the city will fall in hours. Or perhaps you'll lead Grey Worm and me to the slaughter, cutting the head off our army. The masters of Yunkaiwill pay you your feeand you won't have to split it three ways 'cause you've already slaughtered your partners. You have a very suspicious mind. In my experience, only dishonest people think this way. You command the Unsullied. What do you think? You leave tonight. Very good. We'll prepare. Ser Jorah. You can use an extra sword. You're the Queensguard, Ser Barristan. Your place is by the queen. If we are truly her loyal servants, we'll do whatever needs to be done no matter the cost, no matter our pride. We're west of Castle Black,but the Nightfort's closest to us. It was the first castle on the Wall. The Watch abandoned it during the reign of King Jaehaerys I. Too big. Impossible to maintain. Other than Castle Black itself, the Nightfort's the perfect castle for us. It's got a secret sally port, the Black Gate, as old as the Wall itself. No one's used it in centuries most likely. It leads through the Wall right down into the Nightfort,if one knows how to find it, which, it just so happens, I do. How do you know all that? I read about it in a very old book. You know all that from staring at marks on paper? Yes. You're like a wizard. Our father used to tell us that no wildling ever looked upon the Wall and lived. Here we are. Alive. ( donkey braying ) Remember what happens to children who run. I'm your father and I'll do the talking. The roads have gone right to hell, haven't they? Cracked three spokes this morning. Need a hand? Need about eight hands. Oh! Got to get this salt pork to the Twins in time for the wedding. Many thanks. Don't! Don't kill him. Dead rats don't squeak. You're so dangerous, aren't you? Saying scary things to little girls. Killing little boys and old people. A real hard man you are. More than anyone you know. You're wrong. I know a killer. A real killer. That so? You'd be like a kitten to him. He'd kill you with his little finger. That him? No. Good. Don't kill him. Please. Please don't. You're very kind. Someday it'll get you killed. ( groaning ) ( grunts ) Where are we? The Gift, I think. Brandon the Builder gave all this landsouth of the Wallto the Night's Watch for their sustenance and support. Maester Luwin taught me that. Doesn't seem to be supporting anyone at the moment. It's good land and there's no war up here. Why leave? Wildlings. Sorry. But they come over the Wall and raid, steal, carry off women. Old Nan said they turn your skull into a cup and make you drink your own blood from it. That's what Old Nan said. There's a storm coming. I don't see any-- ( thunder rolling ) It's as good a place to shelter as any. We can drink some blood while we wait. I don't need much. ( screeching ) Only one old man and eight good horses. What's one old man doing with eight horses? He breeds them for the Watch. How's he keep folks from stealing them? The Watch protects him. Not today they don't. He's selling horses, he's got some gold in there. Tormund: And proper steel. Let's carve him up. We just take the horses and go. The old man's no threat. I keep telling you. He's an old man. A spear through the heart's a better way to die than coughing up your last with no one but your horses to hear. The Watch might send a few men looking for a horse thief. They'll send a lot more to hunt down murderers. I hope so. Killing crows in their castle is tough. Killing them out here in the open, that's what we do. Spread out. Surround the hut and move in. ( sword clangs ) ( snorts ) ( neighing ) Ygritte! Man:Clear the barn! No one's going to believe you're a hog farmer if you eat them all. Best part of the animal. Don't worry. They're still there. I know they're still there. You check every five minutes like you're afraid they're gonna move. I'm not afraid. Of course you are. You're almost there and you're afraid you won't make it. The closer you get, the worse the fear gets. No point in trying to hide behind that face. I know fear when I see it. Seen it a lot. I knew fear when I saw it in you. You're afraid of fire. When Beric's sword went up in flames, you looked like a scared little girl. And I know why, too.I heard whatyour brother did to you. Pressed your face to the fire like you're a nice juicy mutton chop. That give you some ideas? Might do. Go ahead, then. You might get away. Might even make it there on your own. They're just over the river. The closest you've been to family since Ilyn Payne snipped your daddy's neck. Someday I'm gonna put a sword through your eye and out the back of your skull. ( thunder rumbling ) ( thunder crashes ) How are we going to get past the Wall? My uncle said it's 700 feet high. ( thunder crashes ) How did you get past it? Got in a boat and rowed past the Bay of Seals. It would take us two months to get to the Bay of Seals. Some climb straight up the ice. Even Hodor's not strong enough to climb the Wall with me on his back. Hodor. 19 castles guard the Wall. ( thunder booms ) Only three are still manned. Hodor! One of those abandoned fortresses will give us a way through. My uncle said the gates were sealed with ice and stone when the castles were deserted. Well, we'll have to open them up again. ( hoofbeats, horse neighs ) Whoa, whoa, whoa! Meera: There's a rider out there. Just one? ( thunder crashes ) Meera: There's more. Hodor! ( horses neighing ) Shh. Shh. It's just thunder, sweet giant. Hodor. Man: I yield. =- I yield. Wildlings. =( men shouting ) =Where's Shaggydog and Summer? =- Hunting. ( horses neighing ) =- ( thunder crashes ) Hodor! =- Shh, quiet, Hodor. Hodor! =Make him shut up. If they hear us... =- Hush, Hodor. No-- no more Hodoring. Hodor! Hodor! Hodor, calm down. You need to keep quiet. They're gonna hear us. ( Hodor shouting ) Bran: Hodor, be quiet. ( thunder crashes ) Ah! Hodor! Hodor, calm down. Hodor! Hodor! Hodor, be quiet! What did you do? Nothing. I don't know. ( horse screaming ) What's that? That's a horse dying. Man:Bring them over here. Man #2: That was the last of them. The rest are dead. Orell: I heard shouting up there. Thunder. I know the difference between shouting and thunder. Maybe it's ghosts. ( laughs ) ( eagle screeching ) That won't help you, grandpa. Where you riding? Doesn't matter now, does it? No, it doesn't matter now. Cut his throat or he'll tell the crows we're here. You understand. Let me stand at least. Let me go with a bit of dignity. Make the crow kill him. You're one of us now. Prove it. The wolves are out there. I can't do it by choice. I don't know how. It happens in my dreams. You're a warg, Bran. It's in your blood. I can't. You just did with him. A wolf is nothing compared to that. She looks sharp. ( muttering prayer ) Do it. Do it. I told you. He's still one of them. Go on, boy. Go on! ( groans ) He's a crow. He'll always be a crow. And here's his crow wife guarding him. He'll stab us in the back first chance he gets. Kill him. ( Jon shouts ) ( screaming ) He's one of them. No! Do you hear me? ( screams ) You're not gonna die for one of them. Do it. They'll find us if you don't. ( swords clanging ) ( breathing heavily ) ( growling ) ( Orell shouts ) ( gasps ) You were right the whole time. ( gasps ) ( eagle screeches ) ( Jon screaming ) Hyah! Daario: When you hear a songbird's whistle, you come. I'm a great whistler. The greatest in the land. ( guard shouts in Valyrian ) Daario Naharis. ( whistling ) Daario: That one was quick. There may be others. I doubt it. The Yunkish prefer to let their slaves do their fighting for them. ( guards shouting ) That's what you call a few guards? ( guards shouting ) ( men shouting ) Come on! What do you got, huh? ( cheering ) Lord Edmure... I hope I'm not a disappointment to you. ( chuckles ) You're a delight to me, my lady. You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection. In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity. Look upon each other and say the words. Both:Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger... I am hers... I am his... and she is mine... and he is mine... Both: ...from this dayuntil the end of my days. Is that safe? They're long gone. You were right. I can get inside Summer's mind whenever I want. Of course you can. North of the Wall there are wildlings who can control all sorts of animals. But you did a lotmore than that.You got inside Hodor's mind. They can't do that north of the Wall? No one can do that...anywhere. When I was looking through Summer's eyes, I saw Jon. Where? He was with the wildlings. 466 00:34:36,692 --] 00:34:38,727 They tried to kill him, but he got away. 467 00:34:38,761 --] 00:34:40,395 Osha: He'll be heading back to Castle Black, then. 468 00:34:40,430 --] 00:34:42,264 That's where we should go. 469 00:34:42,298 --] 00:34:44,666 For all we know, Castle Black's already under attack. 470 00:34:44,701 --] 00:34:47,502 If this many wildlings got through-- I already told you. 471 00:34:47,570 --] 00:34:49,538 I'm not going north of the Wall. 472 00:34:49,572 --] 00:34:52,541 Everything Jojen told me is true. 473 00:34:54,477 --] 00:34:56,745 You saw what I did to Hodor. 474 00:34:56,779 --] 00:34:58,747 I have to find the three-eyed raven. 475 00:34:58,781 --] 00:35:00,349 Listen to me, little lord. Don't worry. I'm not asking you to come with me. It won't be safe for Rickon. Me? I'm coming with you. No. You and Osha and Shaggydog head for the Last Hearth. The Umbers are our bannermen. They'll protect you. I'm coming with you. I'm your brother. I have to protect you. Right now I have to protect you. Robb's at war and I'm going beyond the Wall. If something happens to us,you're the heir to Winterfell. Would you know how to find the Last Hearth? You southerners build your big castles and you never move. You're easy to find. We're not southerners. And I don't want to leave you. Shh, shh. Come here, little soldier. You and me, we're gonna have some adventures. You don't have to do any of this. ( crying ) Your family took me in and was good to me when they had no cause to be. Shh. We'll be fine, you and me. The Umbers are great warriors. Even I heard about them growing up. They'll teach you how to swing a sword. I know how to swing a sword. ( kisses ) You're leaving now? It's the middle of the night. I learned to walk in darkness. Say your good-byes, little man. Keep this one safe. He means the world to me. We've been waiting a long time. Haven't we? I don't know, you tell me. How long does it take to sack a city? It was just as you said. They did not believe until it was too late. Their slave soldiers threw down their spears and surrendered. And Daario Naharis? ( footsteps ) The city is yours, my queen. ( music playing ) ( people laughing, chatting ) They're good, aren't they? They ought to be because they cost enough. ( laughs ) Look at the crowd there. ( Catelyn laughs ) He complained about this marriage the entire ride from Riverrun, and now look at him. Blackfish: The gods love to reward a fool. Uncle. What? He's my nephew. I love him. And he's a damned fool. ( chuckles ) Don't you drink, Lord Bolton? Never do, my lady. Dulls the senses. That's the point. Didn't you marry one of these Frey girls? Aye. Lord Walder let me choose any of his granddaughters and promised me the girl's weight in silver as a dowry. So I have a fat young bride. ( laughs ) I hope she makes you very happy. Well, she's made me very rich. Pardon, my lord, my lady. I need to find a tree to piss on. My mother's alone with Roose Bolton. I should rescue her. Your mother is less in need of rescue than any woman I've ever met. Be kind. She's finally starting to like you. And I like her. But if she had her way, I would be back in Volantis playing my harp and you would be sitting over there eating blackberriesout of Roslin Frey's hand. Perhaps I've made a terrible mistake. ( scoffs ) Striking your king is an act of treason. No, don't. Don't insult them. Your Grace. ( pounding on tables ) ( pounding stops ) The septon has prayed his prayers, some words were said, and Lord Edmure has wrapped my daughter in a cloak. But they are not yet man and wife. A sword needs a sheath. ( guests laughing ) ( laughs ) And a wedding needs a bedding. ( guests cheering ) What does my sire say? ( guests chanting ) To bed! To bed! To bed! If you think the time is right, Lord Walder, by all means, let us bed them. ( guests cheering ) ( music playing ) ( chanting ) To bed! To bed! To bed! Man:Go on! Oh! Careful now, ladies. Once you set that monster free, there's no caging him again. ( chanting continues ) To bed! To bed! To bed! Poor girl. Every bride suffers the same. I'm sure you endured yours with grace. Oh, Ned forbade it. He said it wouldn't be right if he broke a man's jaw on our wedding night. ( chuckles ) That is a very strange custom. I suppose it does seem strange from a foreigner's perspective. It seems normal to you? It's a tradition. Without the bedding ceremony, there's no real proof the lord and lady consummated their marriage. But there are other ways of providing proof. Boy or girl? I don't know. But if it's a boy, I know what we should name him. Oh, do you? It seems to me the father should have some say in his son's naming. Eddard. Don't you want to teach little Ned Stark how to ride horses? I do. ( band playing "Rains of Castamere" ) ( wolf whining ) ( whines ) Man: Go on, line 'em up! ( chatter, laughter ) ( laughing ) Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Where are you going? Got salt pork for the feast. The feast is over. Hound: Doesn't sound like it's over. If I tell you it's over, it's over. Turn this cart around and get the hell out of here. Got pig's feet, too. Are you soft in the head? Turn this cart around. ( music stops ) Your Grace. I feel I've been remissin my duties. I've given you meatand wine and music,but I haven't shown youthe hospitality you deserve. My king has marriedand I owe my new queena wedding gift. Robb! ( gasping ) ( grunts ) ( screams continue ) ( screaming ) ( men laughing ) Stark soldier: You ready to head home to Winterfell, right? ( men laughing ) Stark soldier:Feast over yet, is it? Aye, it's over. ( men screaming ) ( wolf howling ) ( banging ) ( growling ) ( growling ) Guard:Follow him. Aim! ( snarling ) ( growls ) ( wolf whines ) ( guard shouting ) ( groaning ) ( guards shouting ) It's too late. ( grunting ) ( fighting continues ) ( chuckles ) The King in the North arises. ( chuckles ) Lord Walder! Lord Walder, enough! Let it end! Please. He is my son. My first son. Let him go and I swear that we will forget this. I swear it by the old gods and new. We will take no vengeance. You already swore me one oath right here in my castle. You swore by all the gods your son would marry my daughter! Catelyn: Take me for a hostage, but let Robb go. Robb, get up. Get up and walk out. Please! Please! And why would I let him do that? On my honor as a Tully, on my honor as a Stark, let him go or I will cut your wife's throat. I'll find another. Mother. The Lannisters send their regards. ( knife pierces ) ( wails ) ( knife clatters )